c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\PhoneBook.Android.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\PhoneBook.Android.pdb
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\PhoneBook.Android.apk
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\PhoneBook.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\PhoneBook.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\PhoneBook.pdb
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\SQLite-net.xml
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\bin\Release\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\PhoneBook.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\PhoneBook.Android.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\PhoneBook.Android.pdb
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\android\bin\PhoneBook.Android.apk
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\R.cs.flag
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Release\uploadflags.txt
