c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\PhoneBook.Android.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\PhoneBook.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.dll
